Add CHANGELOG for v0.75 (#688)
turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-compliance: CHANGELOG.md

## v0.75 [2023-07-07]

_Bug fixes_

> - Fixed the formatting in CIS v2.0.0 benchmark documents which would cause the control page to not render correctly on the hub. ([#687](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-compliance/pull/687))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the formatting in CIS v2.0.0 benchmark documents which would cause several control pages to not render correctly on the hub. ([#687](https://github.com/turbot/steampipe-mod-aws-compliance/pull/687))
```
